Flutter : Flutter is a cross-platform development tookit by google which helps to
deploy on multiple platform with single code base and achieve 
great UI quickly 

Advantage of flutter

High performance
Hot reload and Hot restart feature
powerful community
No need to test in Both IOS and Android platform

Disadvantages of Flutter

Limited set of tools and libraries
Massive file size
Flutter is comparitively new language , So need continous updation

Life cycle of a stateful widget

CreateState()-> This method is called when we create another stateful widget
Initstate()-> This method is called only once at the initial stage. We can add any operations that we need to run from the starting of that widget

Didchangedepemdencies()-> This method is called after initstate method. This method called when the dependencies of widget changes.

Build()-> This is called each time when we need to render the ui widget on the screen

SetState()-> It is essentially called each time we hot reload application for survey the update made to the widget

Deactivate()-> When the widget is removed from the tree this method will be called.
            Is there any resources we want to clean temporarily we can add that to this method

Dispose()-> This method will call when the widget is removed from the tree permenantly.

There are two types of widget in flutter

Stateless widget -:
                    A stateless widget cannot change its state during the runtime of flutter application
                
Stateful widget-: We can modify easily throughout its lifecycle without 
                  reinitialized again.It can change the inner data during the runtime
            
Future: A Future represents a value or error that will be available at some point in the future. It is used to handle asynchronous operations such as making network requests or reading data from a file. When a Future is resolved, it can update the UI by triggering a rebuild of the widget tree. Futures are typically used to handle one-off asynchronous operations that don't need to be monitored continuously.

State: State is used to manage mutable data that can change over time in response to user interactions or other events. Stateful Widgets are used to hold the mutable state data and update the UI in response to changes in the state. 


